#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via sentry-sdk
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   django-gisserver
    #   djangorestframework-xml
django==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-gisserver
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-gisserver==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-api-key==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==25.8.0
    # via factory-boy
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
lru-dict==1.3.0
    # via django-gisserver
orjson==3.10.5
    # via django-gisserver
packaging==24.1
    # via djangorestframework-api-key
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via sentry-sdk
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
